Update $evaluate-measure to $evaluate (#161)
projecttacoma/deqm-test-server: README.md

Test server for executing FHIR-based Electronic Clinical Quality Measures (eCQMs).

- [Data Exchange for Quality Measures (DEQM) Test Server](#data-exchange-for-quality-measures-deqm-test-server)
  - [Installation](#installation)
    - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
    - [Local Installation](#local-installation)
    - [Testing](#testing)
    - [MongoDB](#mongodb)
    - [Redis Installation](#redis-installation)
    - [Docker](#docker)

>   - [Usage](#usage)

Reviewer: Is there a reason you removed the whitespace between Docker, Usage, Bulk Import, License? If not, I would maybe add that back since it just looks nicer :)

| `SCALED_EXEC_MAX_JOBSIZE` | Maximum patients to put in each worker job.                                 | 15            |
| `SCALED_EXEC_STRATEGY`    | Patient source strategy to use for scaled calculation (`mongo` or `bundle`) | bundle        |

> Check out the [$evaluate operation spec](https://www.hl7.org/fhir/measure-operation-evaluate.html) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out the [$evaluate operation spec](https://build.fhir.org/ig/HL7/davinci-deqm/OperationDefinition-evaluate.html) for more information.
```
Dead link :( change to this DEQM one instead!

Reviewer: Actually since we don't totally have this implemented according to DEQM yet, I would add this link: https://hl7.org/fhir/R4/measure-operation-evaluate-measure.html and then maybe say something like "It currently follows the R4 $evaluate-measure specification, but we are transitioning it to the DEQM $evaluate operation"
